for that for now that is saharat live in
Tel Aviv and we can now speak to Madan
bishara he is alaz senior political
analyst Madan what do you make of prime
minister Benjamin Netanyahu the other
men that we were hearing from the
defense minister Minister Benny Gans all
saying that the ceasefire could continue
they would like the ceasefire to
continue but so must the
war yeah absolutely because you know as
we been saying
earlier you you put a pose to a video
game you don't put a pose to a genocide
and clearly they are genocidal in their
War so they have kept on saying again
and again and again especially Minister
of Defense Galant that uh don't ever get
the impression that we're going to stop
we're just going to continue with the
war as soon as this is over we will
continue we know our objectives and so
on so forth so this was a continuous
justification of why this should not be
misunderstood as weakness MH that in
fact uh they are strong and they are
doing great in the war they are
achieving their objective and they will
continue to do so after uh the pause is
ended now you know to my mind because uh
I'm not sure how many times we
broadcasted any such press conferences
but I've been watching this over many
weeks now in on Israeli television and
uh I can't tell you how much this is a
repetition of more of the same it was
incredibly repetitive wasn't it and I
was was wondering why did they bring up
all three men to say the same thing over
and over again not only did they repeat
what they themselves said but then
another one would come on and repeat
what the man before him had said and
imagine that this has been happening day
after day or every other day the past
month and a half except the only
difference today is that gun decided to
show up in blue in Black otherwise this
has been the same picture of all three
men pretending to be all in agreement
pretending to have Harmony among amongst
each other although they hate each other
guts and they are in disagreements on a
number of things and the two generals
cannot wait to get rid of Netanyahu who
of course as we all know is unpopular
and so on so forth but back to the what
they were saying and I thought the spin
was considerable this time I mean there
was so much spin I could go and dissect
every sentence said the past 45 minutes
to tell you where the spin
is and a lot of it was not just you know
sort of playing with the truth a lot of
it was just not factual and I think the
most important part was not factual
they've been trying to make the argument
throughout this press conference that
they had to go through a month and a
half of War risking risking risking
risking the lives of their own
captives right but it was all Justified
because they couldn't have reached this
deal before yeah not true this is not
true we know all of us because we've
heard it repeated again and again by
Hamas leaders that they were ready from
day one from day one yeah to release the
old women and the children and so on so
forth that they have held because I
think they also regretted probably
holding them anyway and because it's
tough to hold children and old people
captives in Gaza in a condition of war
for a month and a half so from the
beginning Hamas leaders were insisting
that they are happy to release the
captives if return for reciprocity
meaning Israel releas the same so their
entire discourse that they had to do it
they had to do the war and risk the
lives of the captives so they can reach
to this deal this is just not true they
said that the deal they have now is a
much better deal than was on the table
10 days ago apparently this is also not
true because I don't want to say from my
own sources let's say from my own
reading I know this is not to be true
they've been stubborn now for 10 days
insisting a number of things such as the
fly fight over Gaza such as the number
of days but they made concessions on all
of them because they needed to show some
results and because they were American
pressures again there was American
pressure on the Israelis to come up with
a deal but Netanyahu you know prefers to
play the bombastic smug saying oh oh I
called my friend Joe exactly and I told
my friend Joe to get involved and to
talk to them yeah as if the the leader
of the Free World works for a prime
minister and he also said I call my
friend Joe and I said look Joe this war
will continue well this this is again
right because natany has been insistent
from the very beginning and he boxed in
the leader of the Free World behind him
in a genocidal war that we see its
result now this genocidal war and pay
attention to the words again you know I
mean
spin
so ethical yeah
moral values Noble objectives yeah we we
are talking about the genocidal war that
led to the death of more than 12,000
civilians more than 5,000 children to
the destruction of half more than half
of the residential buildings in Gaza
yeah a war on hospitals a war on schools
a war on children again ethical moral
values Noble objective and they were
talking about a baby I I'm not sure what
which baby but there were a baby
apparently held by
Hamas imagine the
audacity after all the images of all the
babies that we've seen over the past
weeks yeah especially the last few days
in asifa in the Indonesian hospitals in
alut hospital and other hospit Al
Hospital the babies of the
Palestinians yeah that's ethical moral
Noble objective Maran thank you as
always that is our senior political
analyst mwan bashara